how much fun did you guys have on this
are we going we had a blast on the set
of it most of us when he was not there
we really bonded it did we used to have
this game called throw darts at Peters
face where we haven't got out of Peter
and people throw darts at it it's
actually very similar to the description
in the title itself exactly what yeah
it's exactly what you think the game is
it's not the game of Thrones I was Peter
Oh see how quickly I learned that I like
we need all the help everybody watch
Game of Thrones I think what you all
just swept the Emmys we did swept 24
nominations
oh this is pixels sorry I but he did
kind of just yeah I mean I you you watch
it again the first uh yeah I just say
yes actually I'm a huge Game of Thrones
fan the part of the most fun I would say
some of the most fun I had on the set of
pixels was actually watching the end of
season four next to Tyrion Lannister
yeah I would actually just watch a TV
and look back like like house you're
here were you as shocked as I know why
did you do that to your papa gosh
yeah I would look at him and I'd get
like the bulkan why what were you doing
to your Baba Popeye Popeye with this
this final-season were you a scar does
everyone else I was just a lucky bastard
am questions if he's did he answer
no he won't tell me he didn't break is
is he actually gone is he going do you
really think he'd given us the exclusive
here I think you might all right put my
record look at my eyes I can tell you
he's alive he's alive thank you I'm glad
that that's not can we just do your
audition for Jon Snow
yes go okay hahaha even say anything
done since no Jon Snow haha
defending the wall because what's that
xn I'm defending the world
why are you Swedish or Jamaican why are
you Swedish to make as many involved
from the way for demanding before
demanding the wall back from the White
Walkers why is it I am Jim panting it
I'm demanding no mani that was is stay
safe from the wave oh where
looking how come you're not he's
everywhere dragons if he's watching the
jacket I'm denying the two walls
protected from the Dragons he's blind
and is he actually dead I played him dim
I think I misread the side you played
him Jo hm
yes do you do the leaving your people
whores nice guys our White Walkers
everywhere we are dividing escape route
route Jimmy get the part I actually
don't know where did he get a walk on it
Lisa please can I please a walk on can
you hold her
Oh door I'm gonna talk about Pat let's
talk about pictures which one is that or
frozen at least I'm frozen to your is
like ready go get your food are they
gonna do that oh yeah
Boogaloo yeah with my title pixels is
amazing by the way
I look I know that a lot of you think
that you're here for a game of Thrones
recap but you're not pixels is the most
fun that's been had in any environment
since the game of seven games finale
did you try to fight for a scene like
Cersei where you got to walk naked
through the streets that was that was my
body and that was young you were the
double yeah you have a beautiful body I
do I work out and lot what's the beard
for you you for roll it specials press
oh it's for pricks yeah thank you guys
alright man these interns knows a lot
less useful
we need gravy